Hello? Hi, is this ***? Yep. Hey, my name is Nicole Conner, realtor with the Goss team. How are you today? Good, how are you? I am good. Just giving you a quick call. I know we spoke back in the day you were looking for some properties for sale online. Just wanted to see if you were still on the market. I am, but I haven't seen anything that caught my eye. No, not yet. Nothing yet, no. Yeah, I know. The inventory is extremely low right now. That is true. I know. I'm just going to call you back. Okay. I'm going to call you back. Okay. I'm going to call you back. Okay. I'm going to call you back. Okay. Hey Polina. No, I hear you. Prices are definitely, values of homes are definitely high, however interest rates are low. So it kind of weighs itself out in some aspects, where you're not paying as much for a property as you would, you know, when interest rates were in the mid 4's to 5's. Right. I mean, that's understandable, but it's still, at the end of the day, it's still a comfy house. I don't care what the interest rate is. If you're going to pay $500 for a house, are you going to put $100,000 into it? What's the incentive? Right, right. No, I definitely understand that. Are you, I have you set up on a search in Seekonk, Barrington, and then all of Providence County and Kent County. Is that still more or less the areas that you're looking in? Yeah. Between $250,000 and $325,000? Right. Okay, so you don't want me to change any of that? That's pretty much what you're looking for? Yeah, that's pretty much it. Okay, perfect. And just quickly, what is your current situation right now? Do you currently own a home or are you renting? I sold my home, what was it, in 2018, and I'm just staying with a friend right now. I bought a place in Florida, so... Oh, nice. Going down south? At some point. Are you going to move there permanently or are you going to do the six months, six months that a lot of the snowbirds do? Yeah, that's probably what I'm going to do, but it depends. I hear you. Alright, well, I will just touch base with you here and there. I have you set up on that search. If anything does come up that you are interested in, definitely just reach out to me. Hopefully we see a little bit of a shift in the market in the next few months or so where more inventory comes on. Obviously that will kind of help with the values and hopefully interest rates still stay low. But we're hoping by spring more sellers will be willing to put their house on the market, so obviously that will help with the values of the homes and so forth, and hopefully those interest rates still stay low. Alright, sounds good. Alright, well just reach out with any questions and I'll just touch base from here to there. Alright, thank you. Appreciate it. No problem at all. Have a great day. You too. Thanks, bye.